---
minutes-recorded-by: "@gadomski"
---

# 2025-06-16 STAC PSC meeting

Video call.
In attendance:

- @PowerChell
- @matthewhanson
- @m-mohr
- @jsignell
- @gadomski
- @alexgleith
- @emmanuelmathot

## Agenda

- STAC Community Sprint at ESA ESRIN, 14-16 Oct 2025
  - Content will be pushed to the [community sprints repo](https://github.com/radiantearth/community-sprints)
  - @emmanuelmathot will coordinate with @PowerChell for registration
- STAC as an OGC community standard
  - @gadomski and @alexgleith made some [rough slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1hXo4fOQlAw2WDcT4EY4jsD2q0Hj_v2KA5pPTNrx-AIc/edit?slide=id.p#slide=id.p) for the June Member meeting, Scott Simmons presented
  - "No objection to unanimous consent" to the start of votes
- Reviewed talks from the PSC for FOSS4G and FOSS4G-NA
- Discussed the awkwardness of version numbers in the conformance class URLs for STAC API extensions, no actions
- Reviewed [the purpose of the PSC](https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-psc/blob/main/minutes/2025-05-02-psc-meeting.md#funding-and-psc-purpose) from last meeting
  - @matthewhanson and @jsignell to put together some framework for a roadmap
  - @gadomski and @alexgleith to handle and additional coordination with OGC around community standard approval
- Reviewed incomplete actions from last meeting
  - @PowerChell to delete STAC Twitter account
  - @PowerChell to investigate a secure password sharing mechanism for the PSC
  - @m-mohr to coordinate stacspec.org domain handover to Radiant from @cholmes
  - @gadomski to coordinate transition from Github Discussions to CNG Discourse for **stac-spec** and **stac-api-spec** repos
