---
minutes-recorded-by: "@gadomski"
---

# 2025-09-19 STAC PSC meeting

Video call.
In attendance:

- @PowerChell
- @matthewhanson
- @m-mohr
- @jsignell
- @gadomski
- @emmanuelmathot
- @alexgleith

## Agenda

- STAC community sprint
  - Participants list is set, ~27-29 folks
  - @emmanuelmathot will get some help shaping agenda
  - Participant lightning talk sessions can be good
- @jsignell and @gadomski will do a push on https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-best-practices/ in preparation for the sprint
  - We'll want to preserve git history, if possible
  - A more coordinated effort may happen later this year after the sprint
- STAC is approved as a OGC community standard, we're in the publication pipeline
- Some ideas for the STAC funds:
  - STAC Sprint #10, possibly at FOSS4G next year in Japan
  - Coordinate with [source.coop](https://source.coop/) to increase STAC support
  - Fund work on STAC API v1.0.1
  - Fund follow-up work on STAC + Zarr sprint
