---
minutes-recorded-by: "@gadomski"
---

# 2025-10-28 STAC PSC meeting

Video call.
In attendance:

- @PowerChell
- @matthewhanson
- @m-mohr
- @jsignell
- @gadomski
- @emmanuelmathot
- @alexgleith

## Agenda

- STAC community sprint
  - Was very successful with great conversations and good integration with the alongside Zarr sprint
  - Having a sprint in Europe was a good thing, let's continue doing sprints all over the world
- STAC is now an [OGC Community Standard](https://www.ogc.org/announcement/ogc-announces-publication-of-the-spatiotemporal-asset-catalog-community-standards/) ðŸ¥³
- Work continues on best practices migration to https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-best-practices/
  - There's a [large PR](https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-best-practices/pull/29) for STAC+Zarr
  - We'd like to include examples/demonstrates in-line with the best practices
  - We're exploring deploying the best practices and the specification documents as static HTML, this is work-in-progress
- How do we maintain extensions?
  - Matthias currently maintains a lot
  - We should be explicit about what we're _not_ maintaining
  - We may want to update the "extension maturity" system, possibly with a new "core" designation for some extensions
- Other maintenance:
  - We could use some STAC money to switch to Quarto
  - We'll make a light request for proposals and look for someone from the community to migrate the tutorials
